Welcome to Seidenberg - The School That Keeps PACE With The FUTURE!


Seidenberg has some of the best  industry-leading academic programs that gear our students toward well-paid careers in technology. It’s a community full of like minded people, guaranteeing that you’ll meet new friends and acquaintances, who share your passion for technology and are eager to collaborate towards greatness.

Seidenberg is a place where you will find the highest caliber of support and guidance, the kind of personalized mentoring that will turn your university and career experiences into something truly rewarding. Whatever your interest, we have the programs, staff and the faculty that will help you master it.

In 2005, Pace University trustees renamed the school the Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems, honoring Ivan G. Seidenberg, chairman and CEO of Verizon Communications, Inc.  Seidenberg, who earned his MBA from Pace in 1981 and continues to serves as a university trustee, is recognized for transforming the telecommunications industry by pioneering uses of wireless technology. His generous donation represents a long-standing commitment to the Pace mission of providing opportunity to a diverse student population.

A portion of the new gift has gone towards the creation of the Seidenberg Scholars program, making it possible to recruit and mentor the brightest students and finest researchers in the country. The Seidenberg Scholars are expected to propel the school to greater heights to a position of national leadership among its peers.
 
Don’t just take our word for it - come visit us! We here at Seidenberg are eager to meet you and introduce you to the awesome possibilities our school has to offer in the new world of Computer Science and Information Systems.  If you’re already convinced that Seidenberg is the place for you we urge you to apply today! Get the ball rolling on this exciting educational experience that WILL lead to a fantastic career and a promising future!

Here at The Seidenberg School, our mission is to prepare men and women for professional work, research, and lifelong participation in a new and dynamic information age.  We are committed to providing an education based in reality in order to prepare you for your future!  

Located in the financial capital of the world, you will find no limits to your education here allowing us to offer a wide variety of courses and exposure to internships and work with leading corporations, banks, federal agencies, and global entities.  Degrees and certificates are conveniently available to you at our NYC and Westchester County campuses as well as online and in special programs.  

Our program offers a student oriented environment, small classes, excellent teaching, advanced research and innovative programs, projects, and partnerships.  You will work closely with distinguished professors and established lecturers to ensure you master the latest technologies.

  With undergraduate and graduate programs spanning the computing disciplines, the school attracts a global and culturally diverse cross section of students.  We firmly stand by equal opportunity for all.  
We believe that information technologies are the tools for the empowerment of modern peoples. 

 Stay ahead of the technology curve.